chore: update anno for mirrorchyan (#284)
MaaAssistantArknights/MaaRelease: MaaAssistantArknights/api/announcements/wpf_en.md

---

### MAA Update Service Integration

> MAA has integrated with the third-party service [MirrorChyan](https://mirrorchyan.com), a platform that provides paid content distribution for the open-source community. MirrorChyan offers us a free update-checking interface, but its download service requires a fee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MAA has integrated with the third-party service [MirrorChyan](https://mirrorchyan.com), a platform that provides paid content distribution for the open-source community. MirrorChyan offers us a free update-checking interface, but its download service requires a paid subscription.
```

However, even if you choose not to purchase MirrorChyan’s download service, MAA can still utilize its free update-checking feature. You can then manually select to download updates from global sources in the settings.

If you purchase and enter a CDK, the resource update process will be fully automated as before—eliminating the need for manual operations and avoiding network-related issues. Additionally, MAA itself will prioritize downloads through MirrorChyan, ensuring faster updates.

We have also reached a partnership with MirrorChyan, where a portion of the revenue generated from MAA on its platform will be shared to support future development, including the MAA official website, maa prts.plus services, and other infrastructure.

> **Your support through purchasing MirrorChyan will help us continue to improve and grow.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Supporting MirrorChyan through your purchase enables us to keep improving and evolving.**
```
